Feature(ConnectorSdk): PriorityFirstSync Example (#40)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

### three_operations
Shows how to use upsert, update and delete operations

> ### priority_first_sync_for_high_volume_initial_syncs

Reviewer: Please get this reviewed by Tech writers.

Author: Is it required? There was no review by tech writers in older prs.

Reviewer: We should actually have it reviewed by tech writers as well, but if Alison is reviewing, it should be fine.

> Priority-first sync, pfs for short, is very helpful for high volume historical syncs. It is a sync strategy

Reviewer 2: I think we should include a link to our docs on the approach:
https://fivetran.com/docs/using-fivetran/features#priorityfirstsync

Author: Varun suggested not to. Replied in slack.

Reviewer 2: Ok for now then.

> which prioritises fetching the most recent data first so that it's quickly ready for you to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which prioritises fetching the most recent data first so that fresh data is ready for you to use more quickly.
```

Author: Done.

> This is a simple example of how the pfs strategy looks like.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a simple example of how you could implement the Priority-first sync strategy in a `connector.py` file for your connection.
```

Author: Done.
